I'm going to start off on a sad note, but for a good reason.
Lou Reed, baby.
Rest in peace, Lou Reed.
Let's just groove on him for a moment.
That she wants to know, she wants to know why she's given half her life to people she hates now.
Hello, Harvintown.
Yes, it seems a melancholy note to begin the comedy show, but fuck it, Lou Reed passed away this morning.
And let's dedicate this one to him, shall we?
And as sad as this song seems, but she's not afraid.
It's fucking good stuff.
Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harvintown, the king of sadness, Dan Harvint.
Thank you.
It's a special sleepy sad Harvintown, and it's not Lou Reed's fault, really, for dying.
Well, is it?
It might be.
No, I was going to be sleepy and sad no matter what.
My girlfriend's out of town, and I don't know if I've ever been this apart from her this long.
I can't remember.
It's been like four days?
Yeah.
That's the longest?
Yeah, we kind of just started spending every day together when we started hanging out.
When is she back?
Tuesday or something.
It's gonna be what?
Nirana a week.
She left a basket of gifts next to the front door, one for each day that she's gone, that I can open.
Which leads me to item number one in my segment tonight called Things Dan Harvint's Not Allowed to Complaint About,
which item number one is my girlfriend loves me too much.
I can't keep up.
How am I supposed to match something like that?
I'm reading that off of one of the gifts that she got me the first night, which is my new gold eye Harmon,
which is this kind of hinged clasped kind of affair.
But I guess item number two that I'm not allowed to complain about is this thing.
It sucks.
I mean, it's functionally.
I mean, it's gorgeous.
Certainly, aesthetically, it looks like exactly what you wanted.
Yeah, it's got a slender.
It's all love, no function.
It's got a sticker on the front that says eye Harmon with my silhouette on it.
It's held together with the pen so that when you pull the pen out, it springs open.
But it's one of those slippery, shitty, twisty pens that you have to twist to get the ink nub out of.
And also, the paper, it's like that paper that every three centimeters,
there's a random spot that won't take the ink, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
It's a piece of shit.
Yeah, for me, the deal breaker is the quality of the paper.
You want good paper that takes ink well.
I mean, yeah.
So she loves me a lot.
Have you written any notes down in that one?
Well, I wrote, Girlfriend Loves Me Too Much as the number one thing,
but I kept having to start over because the paper sucks.
I had other stuff on there that I now can't remember.
It's going to be a bad show because of this thing.
What else has she gotten you so far?
She got me some throwing knives.
When I was younger, I used to throw knives in my backyard.
And so she got me some throwing knives and she put a target on the fence
that separates my place from my neighbor's place.
It's this really low fence.
Even if you hit the fence, you're still fucking up your own fence
and probably your neighbor's fence.
Or killing a child.
Yeah, nine times out of ten.
If you've ever played darts before, yeah, it's about 20% of the darts
go over the top of the board.
What were the circumstances that you came home one morning or day
and Jay Johnson and I were at your old apartment
and we had taken actual kitchen knives.
And you were just throwing them on a door in my apartment.
At a wall.
And we had destroyed a wall in your place.
I think the circumstances were booze and probably other drugs.
Yeah, probably certainly drugs.
I think I went to work and came back and you guys were still doing it.
We had taken like a bucket out and drawn a circle
and then like a plate and drawn a smaller circle.
And we had numbered them and we were like betting a dollar a throw.
And then I came home.
I got up, went to work, but I didn't get up.
I stayed up all night with you guys, went to work, came home.
And when I came home, when I opened my apartment's front door,
confetti fell.
Because one of the many dumb drunk things you guys did,
it was set like a confetti trap.
And you were just, I came into this two red puffy,
we did adults like laughing and crying
because confetti had fallen on my head.
But it was like, anyone watching objectively would have been like,
this is not worth celebrating.
That confetti is alcoholism.
This is a movie of the week.
All right, so yeah, it's a sleepy, sad, harm at town.
It looks like the attendees agree, I think.
We're not packed to the rafters here.
You know, part of what I blame for it is the Halloween people,
whoever schedules Halloween.
Putting it on a Thursday afternoon?
It's the worst possible day.
There's no weekend leading up to it.
Nobody knows what to do.
And no one's going to dress up really joyfully on the day after Halloween.
Some women are just dressing like a cat for two weeks in a row.
They don't know what to do.
They're just like, I have a tail and I just encase.
A lot of people are doing nothing.
I was going to dress up as Erin in honor of her version of dressing up as me.
Well, she looked like Robert Smith in the cure.
But you didn't want to dress as Spencer when I suggested let's all dress as Spencer
because that wouldn't involve makeup and women's clothes.
You keep pushing for second year of David Bowie in a row.
I wasn't pushing for that.
I was saying I was going to go for what's easy
and you shouldn't dress up like your friends.
Guy likes to dress as women.
That's all I know.
Why women?
David Bowie in Labyrinth is kind of a woman, but he's still a guy.
He's the Goblin King.
You were Snow White one year.
I was.
But that was because my girlfriend at the time had a Snow White costume
from her oversized roommate.
I didn't know I was cornering you about this.
I thought this was...
I'll dress as women.
I have multiple wigs at home.
All right, let's bring up Spencer bright and early.
Right now.
Let's keep this sleepy train rolling.
Hey.
Hello.
How's it going, you guys?
Are you nice and sleepy, Spencer?
I'm pretty nice and sleepy.
Everybody got their headache on?
Everybody got a sleepy headache?
I woke up at 6 a.m. in Fairhaven, Washington, and flew in only moments ago.
I woke up, took a two-hour drive to Seattle, flew, went straight to our D&D game with you guys.
We had our little...
It was just Spencer, Dan, and Rob Schrab and I.
That was a pretty sleepy D&D game, too.
Rob Schrab was supine through most of it.
He was actually laying down on his back.
Virmouth Facts is your turn. We'd wake up and he would cast some sort of spell.
We killed lots of baddies, though.
All right, let's keep the sleepy train rolling.
Let's get some of these sleepy people's problems.
Who's depressed tonight?
And I'm not asking who's got a problem.
You can just say, if you're depressed, if you're feeling like at the bottom of your bio-rhythmic curve,
nobody, everybody's walking on sunshine.
Well, no, I don't want people stepping into the role.
I'll pretend to be depressed.
That's nice. No, that's good.
Let's look at that as a beautiful aurora borealis.
How are you real quick, just like to set the barometer?
Are you up, down, depressed?
I'm definitely down.
Because Aaron's gone or because what?
Aaron's gone.
I don't know why.
I had kind of a headache all day.
You know what?
I've been playing this video game that she got from me.
That was her second gift to me, or Saturday's gift, was this Ellen Page, Willem Dafoe video game,
where you're just like, it's one of those video games.
I don't expect you to understand this.
I know who Willem Dafoe is. That's it.
I know, but there's this kind of video game.
I'm assuming it's the exact same company that made that Deep Rain or whatever it is, Hard Rain.
Heavy Rain, thank you.
Deep Rain, Heavy Rain, Thick Rain, Wet Rain.
I played the whole game through this one, this Ellen Page, Willem Dafoe one.
It's really weird.
On paper, it shouldn't be fun at all because it really is just much more like you're watching a movie
and they just kind of invite you to move along with your joystick.
You can tell from observing what's happening that it probably doesn't matter what you do, basically,
because you can't die that I know of.
Is it a shooter? Is it a thriller?
It's kind of a sci-fi, Japanese, kind of chick flick.
I don't know how to describe the genre of the adventure you're on.
So you're just a protagonist in a film?
Yeah, yeah.
And it's a sort of spiritual, dramatic thriller about supernatural powers and stuff.
You just got to go through this 25-hour movie.
Had you asked for this video game?
No, no, she just got it for me.
It was nice because I really wasn't in the mood to play Grand Theft Auto.
I love Grand Theft Auto.
It's working great, but I don't know what it is.
I wouldn't have played it otherwise, but having a new thing that I knew would probably take two days.
I just put it in and played it in my monogram PJs that she also got me.
And she also got me dark chocolate peanut butter cup I missed her so much.
But I was Ellen Page all weekend.
Maybe that's why I'm depressed.
I was just Ellen Page with this spiritual entity following me that I could use to open drawers and find clues.
So I'm just feeling a little depressed.
Can you choose to be Willem de Faul?
No, you cannot.
And you wouldn't want to be. He's weird.
He does not translate well to video game.
Ellen Page works very well, whatever goop they put on your face,
whatever ping-pong balls they taped to your head to capture your movement and stuff.
She made a good protagonist for a video game, Willem de Faul.
All of the bad things about Willem de Faul come through in a video game.
And all of the humanity is left behind.
If Gina Davis were eating a plate of Willem de Faul that came through a telepod,
she would go, it's synthetic.
Willem de Faul is 90% skull.
There's a lot of skull to Willem de Faul.
He's craggy.
When he and William Sadler were separated through the screen door of actors,
Sadler got a lot of the humanity.
And De Faul only got so much that's stripped away again by this game, so anyways.
So headache?
Headache.
Ellen Page video game.
I've been Ellen Page all weekend.
Missing Aaron.
So throwing darts.
There was last week too, the lady came up and that was weird, right?
I loved it.
I didn't listen to it.
I was afraid to listen to it because I'm just so tired.
There's a lethargy to this too, like I'm just so tired of being a fucking bad person.
So tired.
I don't think you were a bad person.
Emotionally tired?
It's like you feel like your emotions are doing stuff.
Is Lisa here right now by the way?
No.
She got into a personal submarine and went to Tokyo.
I think one of the writers told me that somebody wrote an email saying she's resigned from the
fandom or something.
Oh wow.
Look, I have no fucking horse in this race.
Either does she, man.
She came up here and was like, she had this sort of, I mean, you have a Christ complex,
but your Christ complex met hers.
And she was like, I just wish people would stop asking me what I thought about this stuff,
but that's what the whole thing was for sale.
She hated you, but loves community and hated being on stage, but clearly needed to be,
I don't know.
I think the biggest, the most unanticipated kind of blowback from that was that what should
have occurred to me, what sometimes happens at Harmontown is that in our haste to have
a dialogue, we forget that only a kind of diehard Harmontown person knows that coming
up on stage is not a bad thing.
It's not like coming up to a witness stand.
It's not like you're under arrest for something.
And I was a little thrown by the fact that she did not come up smiling.
I expected, when I say is so and so here, I expect that to be the equivalent of tickling
them.
And I said is so and so here, and she was like, well, I don't know.
And it was like, oh, shit, we fucked up.
And how do you do it?
Red wire or blue wire?
And it didn't matter.
Because I am not skilled at that.
Does that mean she's never heard of Harmontown?
She only loves community and never heard this show?
I don't know.
The first thing that I noticed was that she came up and it was contentious.
Like she came up in a very cross looking kind of posture.
Yeah.
It's a shame.
It's a bummer.
Did that, what was the fallout for you from that?
There hasn't been.
I kind of like, I've taken the opportunity.
I was like, you know what, I got so many people I've talked to.
I'm still on Twitter because Twitter seems pretty safe.
It's just sort of like this trickling stream of garbage.
You can't really mix it up or write an essay about how someone should be crucified or
something on Twitter.
It doesn't work.
So I've been trying to wean myself off of, and this is such a sad thing to me.
I grew up on the internet.
If somebody is writing the world's lowest stakes biopic, you've got to circle the irony
here that from the age of 13, I was learning to interact with people on computers and always
wanted to write television and ended up out in LA writing television in an era when this
internet thing that I had grown up on was actually starting to impact television and ended up
with this weird crossroads where I had the first TV show that was sort of so loved by
a previously unmeasured demographic that it actually was able to stay on the air, but
at the same time was sort of like, it's just such an odd, weird, swirling thing.
It was like my accessibility became part of a product.
I don't know where I started buying into that stock or that press.
I don't know what was fantasy, what was reality.
I just always knew, I still know one thing, which is that I would rather die than not
be able to talk about how I feel, and especially not in the medium that I understand where I
can truly express myself, which is the typed word.
And so that's always going to be a deal breaker for me, but the tragic irony of this whole
thing is coming around to finally like, I'm back on the page now of all this.
I just got to get these suitcases in my hand standing outside the internet going like,
what happened?
I'm just going to go do what rich people do.
I'm just going to shuffle around my house and my slippers and maybe I'll buy a boat.
And I'll just be like Instagramming me in a jet ski because I'm like, this is the life.
This is what life is, but that was never what life was for me.
Life was like, life was sitting in forums and talking.
But jet skis were built so that you could not take a selfie.
Right.
That and Carpool Diem, we came up with that.
Carpool Diem.
Did anyone ever come up with Carpool Diem?
Dan and I drove here today and we were ashamed that nobody has come up with Carpool Diem.
Someone might have.
We don't know.
So all of that, why do we bring Spencer up so early again?
Because he's a laugh a minute.
Sure.
Why are you throwing it to me?
No.
I mean, what is?
Okay.
So I'm going to throw Carpool Diem.
Carpool Diem?
Carpool Diem.
I'm thinking you're too literal, man.
Today's Carpool Diem because I got two people in my vehicle.
Is that how you use it?
Or are you like, hey man, Carpool Diem because that's wrong.
Carpool Diem.
Yeah.
What the?
Carpool.
How about this?
Carpool Two Diem.
No.
See, don't appease him.
His thirst for logic just made a horrible slogan.
I'm not suggesting anything.
Spock didn't work in advertising.
Sometimes you just go like, just do it, says Nike.
Spock would be like, just do what, Captain?
And it'd be a fair question unless you were branding something.
All right.
That's not my arena, you guys.
I'm confident in admitting that.
But what do people that don't get on the internet do?
Golf hobbies?
Golf.
We should start golfing again.
Falconry.
That'll make this show great.
People can show up and listen to our golf stories.
Dan, I would suggest to you to start picking up Falconry.
I prefer joinery, you know, wood joining.
Wood joining?
Yeah.
You know, you create joints in wood and then join them together.
What's your favorite method of joining wood together?
Oh, definitely the dovetail.
Really?
No.
Because I had you pick for a Mortis and Tennant man.
You know, that was the thing I was trying to go for, but my brain couldn't think of.
When I worked at my book job, I actually read through a shit ton of joinery books.
And I knew about the Mortis and Tennant joint, but I couldn't think of it now because I've
been doing all this other stuff at jobs.
Yeah.
Mortis and Tennant, he was like arch enemies with Henry David Thoreau, right?
No, there were these two brothers.
One was tall and one was short.
The short one had a club.
Tennant was the guy that haunted Ebony's or Scrooge.
So they call it joinery?
They don't just call it carpentry?
I have no idea.
I think, yeah, joinery is like when you're not using like nails and shit.
You're just, you're using slots and the way you stick the wood together.
The art of non-adhesive wood joining.
I think they use glue.
Are you saying, Dan, you're in the market for a hobby that's not typing words to strangers
that you never will meet and hate you for no reason?
No, no, no, no, no.
He's looking for something to do at this time, but that's what a hobby is essentially, right?
No, no.
You know what it is?
It's a healthy thing because what I somehow came, what started doing was like sucking energy
off of the internet, which I don't think, you know, it's a medium.
Like you should, I, if I'm true to my lip service, like I should be getting pleasure
from putting shit out, like expressing myself.
But then I have to somehow become a person that actually doesn't look at the response,
you know, doesn't like pay attention, like never clicks the little A in the circle on
the Twitter client, which it just seems weird because sometimes people are saying like,
Hey, you, you, you, you helped me or can I ask you a question?
But, but you just kind of want to be able to go like and just like kind of exhale without
inhaling, without taking back.
And what I'm wondering is, so what do I substitute?
Cause I was like sucking energy off of things.
Like, like, like what do you do in normal life when you want to get energy?
You can't get on the internet and suck your little thumb.
Ask, ask people here what they do.
I don't think, I think that they're pretty much like me.
I don't know, but let's guys raise in his hand.
You go to bars alone and talk to strangers.
Uh, bars alone and talk to strangers.
He says, all right, that sounds good.
But certainly what I was doing from 91 to 2009 for community started up.
But when you were, when you, like you said last week was last week.
Uh, you said that, uh, writing is, uh, gross people asking for hugs.
Like, like it's you saying, like you're putting that stuff out there for the response.
It's, it's, it's not you putting things out.
It's you receiving something back from them.
So you, you have a relationship with the internet that I don't have.
I wouldn't have because I like, I couldn't do it.
Like you, you want the response.
You can hear a thousand, uh, bits of praise and hear one bad thing.
And you'll obsess about that because you're looking for that information.
You're, you're trying to triangulate who you are based on strangers input.
Yeah.
So I just want to know, like, what's the worst thing that somebody could say about you?
Because I want to move in that direction because I,
well, last week it was saying, don't talk.
Right.
Yeah.
Which is like saying, yeah.
Tie your shoe.
Do anything different.
Stop doing what you're doing.
Like you, you have a huge like energetic reaction to anybody saying,
change your behavior.
Like in the, uh, in the, in the, uh, what was the city,
the Pittsburgh show of the Harmon tour when like Erin came out and she'd been affected by something.
And she said, uh, like that hurt my feelings.
And you said, I'm sorry that you were hurt.
And she was like, uh, well, are you, are you sorry that I'm hurt?
Are you sorry about what you said?
And like it was all about behavior modification.
Like you don't, you don't, you don't want to be asked to change anything,
which is nobody wants to ask to be changed anything.
We don't want to have to change, but we all must.
We all do have to adapt if we want to grow.
But anytime anybody asks you,
what if I want to grow into a person that never has to change?
What if I want to become like Godzilla?
You have to change the most.
I have to change into Godzilla.
You actually have to change DNA.
I do that by not caring what people think, right?
So I cut myself off from everybody, like Godzilla,
and I slowly mutate into a giant lizard that breathes fire.
Well, the fear for you is that if, if, if you had to change anything,
you'd be sacrificing your identity.
You lose who you, you are, who you were.
But, but, but the only thing that I am is a person that doesn't want to be told what to do.
Well, that's not true.
You're the guy that likes to do a million things.
One of the things about you is that you hate being told to change,
but changes is adaptation and evolution.
It doesn't mean changing identity or changing essence.
You're never going to change your essential qualities,
but you could like, you know, you could change,
you could learn to soften this about yourself
or enhance that about yourself.
That's not becoming a bad version of you
or being bullied or bossed around.
What is, what is softening and what is that?
What does that mean?
Every, every, every fifth time you have something on your mind,
you don't say it.
Is that what, is that what that is?
No, it's, it's, it's knowing the difference between
saying what somebody needs to hear
and saying what the first thing that came to your mind was.
You can say both things at once.
You can say, you can express yourself without saying a hurtful thing
to somebody that you care about.
I don't, I truly don't.
I don't think of myself as somebody that says a lot of hurtful things.
Well, no, but you, you know that you have the capacity
to absolutely hurt somebody without meaning it at all.
We all did, we all have that capacity.
Like you can say something that you could have said.
What are you, what are you, what are you saying?
What, what, what, how, how does one grow and change?
What is the mandate there?
You're asking a man, being.
We don't know, we don't know how to do this.
Being nicer.
Women have to come into our lives and we have to,
we have to allow femininity into our lives.
And women go, hey, you know what?
The thing you meant to say, don't say it.
Just say, hey, they're there.
Like just be a human being for a second
and don't have an egotistical reaction to something
and need like reinforcement at all fucking times.
Like we think that like,
male egos are so fucking fragile and so brittle and so shitty.
And we think that women have this power
and women think that we have this power
but we don't.
Like you can, you don't have to change any part of yourself
to not be a cock.
Like, you know, like when you are in a bad mood.
When my blood sugar is low, if it's been a long drive
and I need a fucking sandwich, I become Liza Minnelli.
I become a fucking, like, I become a cranky weirdo
and I will say things that I don't mean.
But if you grow up, ideally you learn to go like,
oh, this is that feeling I get when Jeff Davis
is about to become an absolute unsupportable cunt
for no fucking reason.
And what I should do is go, hey, I'm sorry everybody,
I'm gonna take a walk.
Like I'm gonna recognize that what I'm about to do
is be hurtful.
And before I say the hurtful thing
that I know that I can do,
like Indiana Jones flips a fucking whip,
I will just say something soft instead of hard.
This just sounds like this is a bunch of fucking garbage
that a therapist tells you.
Like, this is such a bunch of like business casual
cope with society, like, oh.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Is that really, is that the way to get through the day?
Look, Dan.
Mr. Harmon?
Dan.
Uh, no, no.
Maybe my girlfriend said, well, next time,
do you think maybe you should do that,
but then take a step back, take a deep breath,
and maybe not do that as much?
Yes, you're right.
I guess a perfect person wouldn't have done that.
Well, all right, that'll be $700.
Well, okay, here's what I would say to that.
I would say it's about being around people
that you respect more than yourself.
Down on everybody, you don't fucking,
you don't ever like aspire to better behavior.
If you treat people, if you always aim down,
and whenever you're cranky, vulnerable,
defensive, whatever, and you fire down on people,
you cannot possibly grow.
But if you surround yourself by people
whose opinions you covet and crave and want to nurture
and you want them to think well of you,
then you start saying like, oh, like,
what would I do to make people that I look up to
look up to me?
And it's not about softening
and rounding off edges of your personality
so you can make dumb people like you.
It's about becoming more attractive to the people
that you aspire to be, or to be around.
That's interesting.
Keep burped.
Couldn't help it.
Yeah, that's an interesting way of looking at it.
I like that philosophy.
You could keep somebody in your head,
instead of the guy in the back of the room
who's got his arms folded going like,
oh, that guy's not funny, you know,
like kind of like having this phantom heckler in your head,
like playing to an idiot, you know,
trying to make idiots like you.
Like, imagining that that guy is, you know,
Agent Dale Cooper from Twin Peaks,
or even if it's just a fictional character,
somebody that you look up to,
you're like, I wouldn't want him to think I was a twat.
You know, and then, yeah, I like that.
That's good. That's smart.
All right, we got that covered.
We're all going to be good people for now.
Because nobody ever wants to live in a world
where we had to change you, one iota.
We don't want you to ever have to,
like, choke up on the bat and not be full forest,
awesome, crazy, like, rampant Dan Harmon.
We want you to always be firing,
like, from the hip, like, you know,
like Jack Palin's and Shane, like,
we want you to be a good guy, a bad guy,
like, a weirdo, because you're a good writer
and we can't, you can't write well
if you're thinking about what people think
about what you're going to say.
You need to say whatever you want to say.
But I just have to be thinking in my head
when I'm saying it, this one's for Obama.
No.
If he's listening.
What you have to think is like,
it's possible to evolve and still be you.
It's possible to be a higher version of you.
You can elevate yourself above certain behavior
that you yourself are not proud of.
That you say things that you regret later on.
And we drink and we say things drunken
and we use that as an excuse,
and that's fine, but you know, or it's not fine.
But ideally, there'd be a point
when we stop saying things that are asinine
or adolescent or purile or hurtful.
And I like to think that at 40 years old
I can't hurt people's feelings anymore accidentally.
But guess what?
I'm fucking way better at it than I ever was.
Like, I can now just be dismissive of somebody
and that's more hurtful.
So like, we do have to like grow a bit
and use our brains, our evolved intellect.
I'm stupider than I was when I was 19.
I was way more connected and way smarter
than when I was when I was young.
Er, not that 40 years old.
But I look at myself now and I'm like,
oh, I can be crotchety.
I can be cross.
Contrary.
I can be a person that I wouldn't have liked
when I was 19.
So like, it's not about me stopping being Jeff Davis.
It's about me like learning to finesse it a little bit
and make it sexier.
You know.
But you don't like that.
No, it's very complicated when your relationship
is with other people.
When you gravitate towards this personality type
that, you know, a lot of us in LA, I think,
we want relationships with strangers.
We come out here seeking a hug from strangers.
And some of us do stand-ups.
Some of us write.
Some of us direct.
Some of us act.
But we're kind of, a lot of us pursue some kind of craft.
Like, oh, I'm James Dean.
I don't care who's watching.
But come on, you're not making brick walls.
And even if you were, people use brick walls
and you want people to say, what a good brick wall.
You did a good job.
The extreme personality that really wants validation,
you know, that really drives you.
That's really part of your thing.
Then you have this, you have a relationship with strangers.
And then you have this weird thing that becomes,
like there's this feedback loop.
But what was my point?
My point was, something you said made me think,
like, you know, I think the most complicated thing
about all of this is that we all give ourselves
so much more credit than we think we do.
Like, everyone comes into every exchange almost,
like, as an underdog.
Everybody thinks that they're the one
that needs to stick up for themselves.
We don't look at you and think of you as an underdog.
We think of you as a titan.
That's the crazy thing, though.
Because, like, you know, it's...
Boyfriends with their girlfriends don't look at their girlfriend
and think, well, like, she's the underdog.
We look at them.
Everybody is holding power over us.
And we're all trying to rest power away from each other.
And that's why relationships go bad.
Yes, because everybody is sticking up for themselves.
We said last week that, you know, we talked,
or it was a week or two ago, that we talked about,
or it could have been fucking months ago,
about, like, when people come to you and are weird,
they want to find out if you think they're smart.
If people want to come to me and find out
if I think they're cool.
What do you want from other people?
When you go...
Like, if you shake hands with these folks after the show,
when we were on tour, like, walking on the street
from Aaron, from anybody, like,
what is it that you want from them?
What are you being worried about?
Well, I just...
I always just wanted people to tell me
that there was a reason why I was born,
that I was... I don't know, I just want efficacy,
or not efficacy, like, you know,
contribution, value.
To be loved?
I mean, I don't know.
I think the part of my condition is, like,
that love, like,
I think that, like, there's circuits
that go through my circuit board that are...
There's parts of the board that are, like,
have this carbon scoring on them, on it.
And then, so then there's either through a detour,
or it...
I intellectualize love.
I think of love as a thing that is very conditional,
as very, like, you know,
it's a thing that you don't just get
because you're someone's son.
But when you go on a comment section on the internet,
what are you looking for?
What are you hoping you hear?
He's amazing.
He did a great job. Like, he's really, really good.
What's the worst thing that you...
What's the thing that you're looking...
Are you aiming at a certain thing that you don't want to hear?
He's a fraud. He's overrated.
He's pretentious. He doesn't...
He thinks that he's special and he's not.
He's a completely ordinary, completely lucky person
who just wandered into my attention
and he does not have any right to have it.
So how do you feel right now?
Do you have the right to have that opinion of yourself?
Do you feel that you're not too big for your boots
that you deserve all this?
The boots keep changing size as I keep walking forward
and keep ending up in different climates.
So the answer is no. That's an open-ended thing.
Yes. That's what will never change.
I think if you focus on that, I think that's sickness.
I think that's the thing. You can't...
You're never going to win that game.
And you're not going to arrive at a point where...
It's not empirical. You can't measure it.
You will only... That's co-dependence.
Like, you're going like, you have to fill this unfillable hole
and you can't... You have to actually self-actualize
and go, oh, I know what I do and what I don't do.
I'm comfortable with it.
Most of all, I do my work and I step back.
I just do it because I like to do it
and I'm done doing it now and I step back
and that's what a perfect person does.
But the weird irony is that a lot of perfect people don't...
They don't tend to get that pin out, you know?
It's an interesting thing though
that, you know, we all think of ourselves as underdogs
and I think we all look at other people.
Like, I can look around the room right now
and you're strangers and you're eye contact.
Like, that's another person.
I don't know what their thing is. They might...
They're thinking, I paid $10 for this.
They might... Yeah.
This is like sitting with my brother.
Who's just sleeping on my couch
and just complaining about his parents.
We all cast ourselves as underdogs,
but it's interesting to find out that we freak...
Like, Spencer, like...
What?
Like, you would be freaked out to find out that you're...
There was a show when Dan was talking about
like, he's a better writer than me.
Like, you're a genius. You're half his age.
Like, it's weird to find out that we all look up to each other.
That we all look at other human beings and go,
oh, that person, there's a weird sparkle in their eye.
There's a tilt of their head.
They go, I wish I could do that too.
We all fucking... We all aspire to other people
and if we could all be, and I think that's that superhero wish,
that superpower wish, if we all look around and go,
I wish I could sit as tall as that guy
and I wish I could be as sexy as her
and I wish I could like... I wish I could...
I wish I could do that dumb thing with my face
that that guy does all the time.
I wish I could... I wish I could...
I had the balls to wear that shirt.
Where are you from? My sympathies.
You're the shittiest Don Rickles of all time.
But Don Rickles will walk out and he would make fun of every race
but think it somehow was uplifting because the idea is that...
Because most of the races were actively oppressed
and couldn't do anything about it.
Because it's all arbitrary.
All racism is such a fucking completely arbitrary arrow thrown at nothing
and all we are is afraid of other people looking at us
and everything is a mirror
and it's very interesting to look at...
If I could give any advice to anybody,
but surround yourself with heroes
and live your life around people that you look up to
that are smarter than you.
If you're the smartest person in your group of friends
you have a bad group of friends.
You should be intimidated by your significant other.
You should look up to her or him
and we should all be working with people
that are better at the things we want to be good at.
But it's amazing to find out that you
who has the show and has community and has the stuff
that really you have an incredibly low self-opinion
mixed with an incredibly high self-opinion
and that's a chicken or the egg kind of thing
like is it self-love or self-loathing that begets the other one.
But it's crazy to find out that we're all really, really concerned
that we're worthless.
Yeah, you'd think that would unify us.
You would think that we would stop...
This show is a unification of people who want to find out
that it's okay to feel worthless because we're not.
I think that's what a lot of, and I hate to use the word nerd,
but nerd culture, geek culture, intellectual culture
is a bunch of people who are like,
I've been kicked around a lot
but I'm pretty sure that I'm doing it just as good as I can
and we think about it more.
The unexamined life is a life not worth living,
we're people who think about it too much.
I think Kurt Vonnegut said,
what if you examine your life and it comes up fucking garbage?
Yeah, then you win!
We're a room full of people who have...
the stakes are high.
We actually care about how the world perceives us.
I think the people that are the bullies,
the people that are the jocks, the people that are the dominant...
the people that are in Congress
dicking around our country and our Constitution
and all over the world...
there are people who do not consider what they fucking look like.
I think they think that by bullshitting around the room all day long
that they're doing it just right.
This is the thing about the archetype of the old white man in the suit
that controls everything and owns everything.
I think the thing that makes that archetype a villain
is the one missing ingredient where that person doesn't do that thing
that doesn't say, I'm doing this by the way
because I'm really concerned that if I didn't do it I would be worthless.
It just seems like such a crime.
To me, I'm coming from this place on the hungry, hungry hippo arena.
My hippo comes from the place of...
because that game is all about what angle you're coming in on.
That was a horrible metaphor.
It's horrible if you're born after 1982.
My battle bot is designed around the principle
that if you are sincere, if you're transparent
then you're going to have a ton of problems.
You're going to constantly be made fun of.
People are going to be going like, what?
What did you just say?
You're not allowed to be specific.
You just hurt my feelings.
You're punished for being specific.
You just said it wrong.
You just did this and that.
You do that, that's fucked up.
You're going to have to deal with that, go through that.
I think maturity for the transparent person is like,
you have to deal with it.
Your transparency, if it includes an image of you
having your feelings hurt because you're so transparent
is not true transparency.
It's another stained glass window with you as a saint
and it's distorting the light that's coming through.
My goal is transparency, is just going like,
look, I don't know if I'm a good person or a bad person
but I got to be honest.
I know for sure that thinking one thing and saying another
it may seem in the moment like it's a really good idea
but it's a really slippery slope.
You're cursed with being an intellectual.
That's a stupid word.
It's tough.
It could be rough.
The thing is, if you think about things,
things are fucking tough.
The Odyssey, Homer, the stories about heroes,
they didn't think a lot.
They just went out and they fought dragons and they did shit.
But like later on, as life goes on,
we become intellectualized and we think about everything too much
and we become crippled by it.
Which is why we've created a new character in Harmontown
that we're going to introduce right now called Johnny Jackhammer,
the man in the street.
Let's go and get Johnny.
Johnny Jackhammer.
Let's open the window and talk down to him.
Hey Johnny Jackhammer, what are you doing down there?
Hey, Dan Harmon, what the fuck?
Hey, I'm just Jackhammering the street.
Hey Johnny Jackhammer, why is your theme country music?
I don't know, I can't hear much.
I Jackhammer for a living.
It's a little distracting that it keeps going on.
Yeah, that's true.
This is Johnny Jackhammer, Obama or Clinton.
Hey, they're all a bunch of guys that don't know how to Jackhammer.
That's all I'm saying.
That's true.
I say, hey, you know what I say?
Take two of these guys, these congressmen's or whatever.
You give them each a Jackhammer.
Whoever can tear up more street, that's who gets my vote, you know?
Ah, you know what?
That's some blue collar wisdom.
Sometimes things aren't as complicated as we burden ourselves with thinking.
Johnny Jackhammer, everybody.
Oh, oh, one more thing.
You know, we should build a war on the country because fuck everyone that ain't white.
Oh, shit, goddammit, Johnny.
Johnny, Johnny, no.
Goddammit, he was so close to being our Will Rogers.
Johnny, Johnny, just get in the car and get in the car.
I hate black people.
I'm the good Jackhammer of the black people.
Oh, Johnny.
Goddammit.
I thought we found a hero.
I thought we found the key to our nation's lock.
Johnny, just get in the car and go back to the hotel.
Yeah, I can't jack up.
Jackhammer in the car.
No, Johnny, don't jackhammer in the car.
CG.
Holy fuck.
Johnny Jackhammer started jackhammering in the car.
But he went through the floor of the car and the car flipped up like the Nazi van and raiders.
And just flipped and hit a gas station, which as we all know is full of gas, and will explode on impact.
You know why?
Because Johnny didn't think of himself as an underdog.
He, yeah, no.
In his head, he still had one little secret.
Yeah, he put himself above other races.
That's the biggest crime you can commit.
I think that's where bigotry comes from, the idea that you can exert your will over other people.
Whereas I think we all come in low.
We're punished for coming underneath other people, you know.
We're not punished for, we're rewarded for.
Right.
Meanwhile, Spencer over there.
I'm over here.
My back hurts, you guys.
It's fucked up.
If anyone's been looking at me like I've had to take it, like this guy's moving around like he's got a shit.
That's what I've been doing, my back just hurts.
What's wrong with your back, Spencer?
I don't know, it's just, I can't, like, it's not comfortable right now.
I don't know.
I can lay down.
Lay down?
Nah, that would be engaging.
Just lay down for us, Spencer.
Just lay down on the floor and do like, David Milch wrote all of Deadwood from the floor.
Like, just facing up.
Is anybody here a masseuse or a masseur?
What are you right on?
Anybody here?
No, I don't, I'm not acting.
Everyone's backwards.
Wait, wait, we have a bunch of people in the front row who's back hurts.
Bill's back hurts.
Jay's back hurts.
Okay.
What the fuck?
Anybody else?
Who has a bad back here?
My back hurts.
Your neck hurts?
Jesus Christ.
Podcast listeners, everyone's holding up their hands.
I'm going to get the number for this woman, Destiny, who, she, I think I have her number.
Chris McKenna started bringing her in like season two or three on Destiny.
Like when the, when the community writers would do a couple, couple all nighters or something,
like he'd pay to bring in this, this masseuse Destiny.
She'd set up like a little masseuse table in a, in a vacant office and the writers would
go in.
I've never partaken.
I can't, I don't like the idea of someone who's, who's touched multiple people professionally,
actually seeing my naked back.
I don't, I don't like, I don't, it's an inferiority thing.
It's not like a phobic thing.
Is that related at all to your, like, you're not a huggy person or a touchy person.
Yeah, yeah.
Cause I'm worried I'm going to, I'm making the other person dirty.
For real?
Yeah.
I feel like, like, if a, if a girl hugs me, like I'm going like, ugh, I just, I made
a girl stinky.
Was it like when you're with like a girlfriend, like, like with Erin or something like that?
I take a lot of showers while I'm courting her and then, and then we, and then we move
in together and then, then I just get back to work and tapers off a bit.
I have a force field of, of flies around me and I, and I keep thinking like, ah, we'll
deal with this in a little bit.
I was just going to get another paycheck.
But is that, is the not washing healthy?
No, no, no, I'm not saying that.
Is it, is it a, is that a way like subconscious or semi-conscious way to repel people?
Is that a way of keeping distance?
Yes.
I'm just observing it objectively.
Yeah, probably.
Probably.
Yeah.
It's like, and it's like, let's say people, if you let people in physically, like to hug
you, to hold you, that goes back to some serious like, childs and stuff, I would imagine.
But also like that, that's, that's so, it's not funny, like it's, it's not funny.
It's hilarious.
Hey, speak for yourself!
Hey Johnny!
Hey, keep it down up there, I'm trying to jackhammer.
Johnny, you're going to jail for killing five black people.
Hey, hey, look, you know, we all love each other, right?
It's like the great Don Rickles said.
You see, Dan's trying to keep me away from this conversation.
You're using Johnny jackhammer as a way to keep me from getting away from this market.
All I'm saying is I get it, you know, the whole thing, the repressed memories.
I'm going to get up and hug you, Dan.
All the jokes in the world.
All the jokes.
At the end of the day, you're either jacking up the concrete or you're not, hey, you know,
if you are, you're not.
Jeff's coming in for a hug.
I'm going to hug you, Dan.
Look, no, before we do it, you don't like it.
This is not comfortable for you.
You want to let me know that?
I'm just saying bodily.
You okay?
Yeah, yeah.
No, no, I'm fucking getting close.
That's not a hug.
It's podcast gold.
I will tell you this though.
I'm never going to watch this cheek again.
When it's intellectualized, like I went to the communicon last week and the interesting thing is
this happens a lot at communicon, at the Harmontownships and stuff.
Somebody will breach the bubble.
Somebody will just say, can I have a hug or something?
They'll make a request.
I'll go, one more thing.
Can I have a hug?
And I'll go, of course you can.
Who would say no to that?
And it's like, because they made this request, it's like, well, if I make you stinky with my hug,
you asked for it.
You can't go home and complain.
Get on your blog and go, like, and then I...
I asked him for a hug and he made me so gross.
I woke up gross.
So he kind of takes the pressure off and then a solicited hug and then he hug.
And then there's a line of people.
Then all of a sudden everybody starts going, can I have a hug?
And it's really nice.
It's the best.
It's a very gooey therapy thing.
You can feel people's bodies kind of trembling a little bit because they're like, oh.
You know, like, it's nice.
Could you feel my body trembling then?
Yes, I don't know.
All right.
So where were we?
We were delving into your psychosis.
All right.
Psychosis.
I heard this theory at all.
Johnny, get back in the car.
Your brain's got a different part for every part.
All your mom's repressed memories and all.
Hey, look, I got two parts of my brain.
Coffee break and jackhammering, you know?
Like, you gotta...
Hey, I punch in against 650 if I don't jackhammer the concrete, you know?
It ain't that complicated.
Yeah, life...
The BQE needs to be connected to the 110.
Is that true?
It's a big job.
It was one of the major engineering feats of the 20th century.
And I'm going to do it all with a jackhammer.
Johnny, Johnny, Johnny, it's your father.
You can't jackhammer your way through life.
I told you not to talk to me.
Don't call me.
Look, I'm sorry about what happened between us when we were, you know, years ago, back at home.
Hey, yeah, we got a saying about sorry's at the jackhammer building, okay?
It doesn't jack any concrete.
It's just a word, okay?
I got my friends...
Johnny.
...Vitucci and Tumor...
What, Dad?
I called your foreman a month ago.
Aw, fuckin' A.
I found out you've been fired for two years.
Fuck you, man.
Hey, fuck you, Dad.
You haven't been jackhammering anything.
You can't fire me for jackhammering, Dad.
You can just stop payin' me, but I still got the hammer.
And there's still concrete out there that ain't jacked.
The only thing you're jackhammering, Johnny,
the only thing you're jackhammering is your relationships with the people that are closest to you
and the people that care about you the most.
It's all fuckin' good for you, you know,
because all of a sudden you're a new person
because you realize you shouldn't have put your pinky up my asshole when you were bathing me.
Look, I have my jackhammer, you have yours.
Yeah, and all I got between you and me is a mile of cracked pavement.
Johnny, I'm dying.
I have liver cancer.
Again?
I'm sorry about jackhammering your anus with my pinky.
It was a long time ago.
It was a different time, and I was a different person,
but I've realized now what's important to me is to be connected.
I want to lay some pavement between you and I that is unbroken
so I can walk over to you like men, like adult men, and shake hands.
Dissolve to JFK Airport.
I'd like a one-way ticket to Syracuse, please.
Uh, sorry for all the pennies.
I'm going to see my dad.
Sir, we don't take pennies at JFK Airport.
Well, today you're gonna have to.
Why is that?
My dad's dying, okay?
Oh, I'm sorry, sir, I didn't realize the stakes were that high.
Uh, this is your captain.
Thank you for flying through to the Atlantic.
If you're flying from New York to Syracuse,
you may be on the wrong airline.
Certainly on the most expensive choice you could have made.
Uh, your movies are Lawless with Matthew McConaughey,
uh, the Steve Jobs movie.
Cut to the hospital.
Goddamn, that Steve Jobs movie was pretty good.
Dad.
Dad, it's me, Johnny.
Johnny's on you.
I just said, yeah.
I don't hear no jackhammer.
No, no, no.
Normally when I hear my son come, there's all this noise
of jackhammer and racial epithets and whatnot.
They made me leave the hammer at the terminal.
Johnny, Johnny.
Yeah, dad.
Johnny.
Yeah.
Dad.
Hey, nurse.
There's something obstructing his throat.
Oh, it's so much more brittle than pavement.
If I only had it, didn't implement.
Do it, Johnny.
Go the distance.
No!
Johnny!
No, I wasn't dying, Johnny.
I didn't want you to use the jackhammer again.
I don't understand.
I pretended to be dying to prove
you didn't need to use the jackhammer again.
Oh.
Well, I don't have a jackhammer.
They let me leave it at the airport.
Dad, dad, dad.
His last moments on earth were confusing me.
Oh.
Dearly beloved, we're gathered here today to later rest.
Reginald jackhammer.
Brilliant improviser.
Intellectual child molester.
I thought you were going to...
When the father was flatlining,
you were going to jackhammer his heart back to life.
Well, I know.
And then when I did, you said,
No, but you just don't do that.
Well, no, I thought you were fake doing it.
Fake doing it?
I don't have a...
I'm miming jack...
I thought you were fake doing it
for our radio play.
I mean, I just...
I thought you were fake doing it
for our radio play.
I mean, I just...
I should have been clearer.
I was miming a real jackhammer
and not miming a guy's...
Because up until then,
you did the pantomime jackhammer.
You were doing the pantomime jackhammer.
We'll do notes.
Go to Harmontown.com for Harmontown after hours
where we do notes about our improv.
All right, let's crank up
some real role-playing, right?
With some D&D.
Yeah, get your shit out, man.
What are you doing?
I didn't think you'd go at 9.02.
I mean...
Yeah, but like, 8.20.
Yeah, well...
And then never spoke to you again.
Yeah.
I guess, yeah.
Camille's not here.
Aaron's not here.
Schrab's not here.
Even Tyler's not here.
Yeah.
Even Tyler.
He's drinking at the drawing with my girlfriend right now.
I'm not joking.
All right, well, what about...
What about Beef Steak Bill?
We're gonna bring him up and play.
Have him play Beef Steak Bill.
Look at these shirts, man.
Beef Steak Bill's got the...
Yeah, can we discuss your grammar, Bill?
Where does one acquire?
Is that velour?
It's flocked.
It's kind of a satin thing with a...
Yeah, I got it at some goth shop in Boston
a long time ago before the close.
Boston?
Oh, wait, no.
I got this at Vaudeville Trash in New York.
Sorry.
It's good.
Didn't offend me.
How do you wash something like that?
It's kind of different rules.
Dry cleaner.
All right.
You know, Jeff, how often do you dry clean your suits there?
All the time.
That sucks, you know, that kills your suits real fast.
No, it keeps them good.
I mean, you know, dry cleaning involves tons of
cost to chemicals.
No, not my dry cleaner.
What's your dry cleaner?
My dry cleaner is a couple of wonderful Korean ladies
who take very, very good care of everything I have.
What's the brand?
What?
Where are they located?
I'm not gonna tell everybody.
What are their hours?
If I say the hours and the location,
and everyone that listens to this is gonna go
and get me, like, I'll be standing in the line
to get my suits out.
And we can get, like, $50.
Find out next time.
Do you guys want your sheets?
Yes, I want my sheets.
Bill, be a lamb and dispense our sheets for us, will you?
Is the fear that if people knew when you got your dry cleaner
that they would show up and get their dry cleaner
done at the same time?
My dry cleaner is a hidden gem.
It's a local secret.
And if I told everybody...
No one here fucking dry cleans anything.
I like the fact that if I walk in there
and they say, when do you need this?
And I give them a little look and they go,
come back at five.
And if I told the whole world that,
that might infringe my ability to get my shit
right when I want it.
I just don't think that they don't use
cost of chemicals.
I think they definitely do.
Look, it's called dry cleaning, which is a misnomer.
There's certainly liquids involved.
And yes, there are chemicals involved, but they make...
Poisons.
Spencer, will you describe a monster in a dungeon
called the caustic dry cleaner?
Okay, okay.
Sweeping aside hundreds of press suits, you see it.
In a sink full of bubbling pinks and blues,
spilled plastic bottles,
you see a rising and falling surface
of caustic boiling, bubbling fluids.
That's all, I don't know.
Didn't really build anywhere.
I didn't deserve that, thanks guys.
I mean, there's a way...
I've chosen my life and it suits.
I spend a lot of money on dry cleaning.
Do you have a suit brush?
I don't have a suit brush.
You get a suit brush, you brush your suit down
after you wear it, you press it yourself.
You don't have to clean that except once every five times.
Can you take a vacation off of my cock for five seconds?
I just admire a good suit, you know,
and I don't want to see him shredded by some poison.
I've had this suit for six years
and it's never shown a dimple.
I don't know.
So tired.
How many suits do you have, Spencer?
I have three.
Will you wear a suit next time, Anton?
I mean, if you guys want.
Yeah, I am.
I wonder if they fit.
I don't wear them very often.
Why do you have three suits?
Because most men have one or two.
Yeah, one of them is a real suit.
Two of them are like,
I want to say Wells Fargo suit, but I mean Goodwill suit,
which I don't know, that doesn't make any sense.
Wells Fargo, they were brought to you on a covered wagon.
Yeah, like Goodwill suits and stuff.
Right.
Yeah.
Do you wear these ever?
No, I mean, you just ask how many I have.
That's how many.
Three.
My weight fluctuates so much and I'm so old
that like every time I have to wear a suit for like a wedding.
That's why you get a suit.
I open my closet and there's just this,
there's a bunch of dry cleaning bags
because God knows when.
Like, and there's like, they're always mixed up
and like, I have to do this humiliating thing
where I get out each pair of pants.
They're all gray.
They're all charcoal gray.
I can't tell the difference between any of them except like,
oh, this one was from when I was twice as fat as I am now.
This one was from when I was twice as thin as I am now.
It's like terrible.
Yeah, but my advice is, it's not good advice,
but it's my advice is to, for gentlemen,
buy a really expensive suit at your optimum weight
and it will form.
Optimum meaning like.
Meaning like you're thinnest, you're best,
you're fighting weight, you're college weight.
Like get down to a good weight, get a suit,
have it tailored, make it fit you,
and then it will force you.
You're like, I want to wear that suit in fucking two weeks
because it's Thanksgiving or this or whatever.
And you go like, I can't let the suit out five inches.
If that was going to motivate, I see what you're,
that's clever, but before,
before the ability to wear a suit would motivate me to lose weight.
I'm looking like a monster would motivate me.
I feel like nudity is that suit you're talking about.
It should be.
Like I should like see myself brushing my teeth and go,
I don't want that to happen again.
And yet McDonald's is delicious.
But a suit is designed to make men look good
as our dresses for women, as our stockings and things.
Like men have their fetish where guys look good in suits,
even if you're not in perfect shape.
That's what tailors are for.
You go buy a nice Italian suit if you're a little bit overweight
and you look like fucking Marcello Mastrigani all of a sudden.
And the thing is, go to fucking Banana Republic,
buy a $150 suit.
Do they have those? $200? I don't know.
And then go spend $30 at a tailor
and you have a fucking suit.
But you have to stay at that weight.
Or you have to have 900 suits,
depending on how many donuts you've eaten that week.
I don't know.
Whereas Bill has just chosen the gay magician look,
which I think is fantastic.
It felt like he just lashed out at you at the end for no reason.
Thanks, man.
If I had more courage, I would be dressed
as a sexy Vegas magician at all times.
I think you look like a very straight magician, Bill.
I thought it was disenfranchised goth kid.
Do you know any magic tricks, Bill?
Bill, do you do any magic?
I can make my disself disappear.
You can make your disself disappear.
You're a goth kid?
Yeah, a little bit.
Yeah?
What was your band and school?
Sisters of Mercy.
Oh, yeah.
I can see that.
Drummer, right?
Oh, that's right. We talked about that.
I love it.
We learned more about it.
He became Beef Steak Bill.
You notice I haven't called you Beef Fungus, Bill?
I appreciate that.
You're a Beef Boy.
I really appreciate that.
I like growth.
I just don't like it on my beef.
Funny thing, though.
So I've been playing this iPad game.
I've been playing this iPad game called Plague Incorporated.
You know, where you do bacteria and then virus and then fungus.
I can't beat the fungus level.
I'm not kidding.
You're like Brefie with spiders.
I think I'm psychologically blocked on that one somehow.
All right.
Speaking of Brefie with spiders, where were we in D&D?
Oh, where were you?
I'll tell you that.
It's a really good picture because I was interrupted at work.
I know how that is.
So Bill, where are you born?
Where are you from, Bill?
Indiana.
Indiana where?
Fort Wayne.
Portland?
Or Fort Lane, as we call it.
Fort Lane.
Look what time it is.
It's northeast from Indian Oak Place.
9-11.
Bill, we were talking earlier about what we fear other people see in us.
What's your fear that people see in you?
What's your desire?
What's the thing you want people to see and respect in you?
Intelligence, yeah.
I think it's probably a commonality in this group, I would say, right?
Spencer, are you?
Yeah, like, I mean, being right.
There's a difference between being perceived as intelligence and just being like someone
who's right about stuff.
Like, I don't want to, like, come off as being correcty or like, I just want, if someone
asked me a question, I want to be the one with the right answer.
Yeah, because I was going to say, what a weird thing for a bunch of smart people to be worried
about their intelligence, which so often the case, such as personality type on the Internet
is a bunch of people going like, correction point of order, I'd like to spock you on that.
Well, I'd like to over spock you on that.
It's because there's like 5,000 definitions of intelligence.
Some people want to be, you know, like, I don't want anyone to think that I went to Harvard.
Quite the contrary.
I want people to think that I'm an autodidact.
I want people to think that I'm a man of the people, but then I'm smart about it.
You know, you can split that hair so many different ways.
My biggest fear in the world is pretentiousness.
Like, that is the concept that I'm wrong about myself.
That is my biggest nightmare, is somebody saying, you think you're this, but really you're this.
Like, that's the most hurtful thing.
You think you're 6 feet tall?
You've been 4 feet tall this whole time, like, mentally or in any way.
Like, you think that, like, you're so fucking off.
Oh man, you're off.
So the fear is, what was the worst version of you that people might think that you are?
Like, you think you're, what, what would you like people to think that you are?
What version of you?
A humanitarian decent?
And then you're afraid that people might think you are...
A disgusting, caustic, selfish monster.
Which I know that I, that's why I celebrate that, you know.
Like, oh, I'm a disgusting, caustic st-
But isn't it possible to be both?
Uh, I hope so.
Right.
I mean, isn't there some, like, you can recognize that it's possible to be both of those things.
Like, you're on a good day, you're this, on a bad day, you're that, but it doesn't take one,
one's not taken away from the other, right?
Right.
Well, I would think at the same time you could be both things.
Like, Han Solo has no love for the Empire, but he is also not going to be duped in by any kind of cause, necessarily.
He doesn't want to, he doesn't want to be tricked into giving his life for some bullshit,
but he's, he cares about people.
You want people to think you're a humanitarian?
Well, I guess, I guess I'm just grabbing at that word, like, like, what word would you grab?
I don't know.
Like, I want people to understand that I'm, like, first and foremost, I'm a big fan of our species.
You want to be a contributor?
Yeah.
But also that I'm, like, kind of an optimist, that I think we can do better, that I'm a champion of all of us,
that I'm not, like, that archetype of the troll under the bridge who's just, like, who would slit your throat
if he could get away with it just because he doesn't feel as loved.
You know, like, I don't want to be that, contribute to that cycle.
I want to be known as a person that said, we can do better.
Believe in us.
I think we can do it.
Yeah.
And, and, and you can, you can be that person.
And also when you're in a, when you get cornered, you can be a pessimist.
You can, you can be, like, I think curmudgeons and cynics are people that are the most optimist of people in the world.
Like, curmudgeon re-
Because you look around and you go, what the fuck are we doing?
We're being idiots.
Curmudgeons are people whose, whose hope was abused, whose hope was disappointed.
And so you can be both of those things.
You, you, you can be a pessimistic optimist.
You can, you can do both of those, right?
Bill, what's, what's the version of intelligence that you want people to perceive in you?
Coxmanship.
I'll just go with that.
That's kind of a different, can you?
I don't know.
I mean, that was, that was saying there's a hundred ways to be intelligent or to be, like, versions of intelligence.
Is there a certain way?
What do you want it to say on the bottom of the statue that's dedicated to you as a, as a, as a thinker?
So when you joined her.
But he used his brain to...
Wit would be great.
If I, if I felt like I had an incisive wit, I would be very happy.
That's a ballsy answer.
Yeah, it's very ballsy.
Because that's, that's potentially embarrassing to say.
I wish I was witty.
I think it's better this way.
My fears that people don't think I know the subjunctive.
No, that's good.
I mean, that's, that's, that's very sincere and honest.
To just go like...
I would, I would, I hope that people think I have a, I have a wit.
Anybody else out there?
They have a brand of intelligence or a certain kind of genre that they wish people perceived in them?
I know, I know that's like, no one's going to raise their hand with that.
So when people start shouting off like eight different things and then one person, when you listen to a recording, one person went, child murder.
Totally pretentious.
You want people to think you're totally pretentious?
I like reading classics.
Oh, so you want to be perceived as, as fancy?
Is that where you die to her?
Yeah, I like Virgil and Ovid and built in.
Yeah, you're pretentious.
I love that.
There's a hand back there too.
Yes?
It seems Dan actually.
Which is what?
Just being for the betterment of, I don't know, humanity as a whole and being seen as someone who's, or, who doesn't ever want to contribute to anyone having bad...
Here, come up and say this because you're too far from the mic.
I'll bring the mic to you then.
Did this just come across to you?
I don't want to listen to your vacancy.
No, no, no.
Now I'm really going to forget exactly what...
Yeah, but it's a hard thing to utter.
I'm sorry, yeah.
It was just too quiet.
No, I mean, mainly it's just that I never want to contribute to...
Sounds so cheesy, but anyone ever having a bad day or thinking less of humanity because of me?
Yeah, I don't want to be the reason why anybody ever is going like, shit.
Now that's all fucked, which is so ironic because I'm so off on the reason, but...
So then I have to think, well, that person's a bad person.
I don't want to be...
I so much fear, like somebody saying, god damn it, this room would be so much better if that person would leave.
I won't allow that to happen.
I will not be the unwelcome guest.
To the point where I would cut my own face, I would jump out of a skylight,
I would blow up the fucking building before I went to it.
That might cause people a bad day.
It's possible to want that and then do that very same thing, right?
You can want to not do that and then that's why...
And then do it a lot.
Yeah, because you're like, let's get one thing straight.
I'm not the fucking reason you're going to have a bad time.
If you want your money back, I'll give you your money back, fuck you.
I want to make you feel good about yourself, you fucking cock-sucking piece of shit.
And I didn't ask you to come here and I don't fucking...
I meant humanity, not you.
Yeah, that's a big...
That's my thing.
Thank you, Haley, everybody. Thank you.
Now I want it to be the reason why...
That's a big thing.
When somebody implies and somebody goes like, you...
That's the...
Somebody goes, you hurt me.
You hurt me because you were talking.
You hurt me because you said that thing.
Like, I just like fucking hulk, see an enemy, like weird toxins fill my blood and prepare me for battle.
Ironically, because if that's true, if I said something that made you suffer, we have to figure this out.
If I have to pound your face into the earth and change the axis of the planet, I will prove that you are wrong.
I did not say something to ruin your day or that your day needed to be ruined and that it actually helped you or anything.
Anything but...
That's kind of what happened last episode, wasn't it?
That's what's been happening for 40 years.
That's what I was trying to explain in the heat of that moment.
I was like, look, this is my thing. This is why I make stuff.
We got one more?
I think actually kind of what Dan is trying to describe is what I would call emotional intelligence.
Right.
Yeah, there's actually a book about that by a guy named Daniel Goldman, but there's a lot of psychoanalysis involved.
I would call it emotional intelligence, for sure.
Thank you for projecting to the point where you probably don't have to.
And you know what, it might be a fear of this thing. I've been mistaken for diagnosing myself with Asperger's and I'm sorry that that ever happened.
I would not do that.
But the idea of empathy, from talking to people on the spectrum, what I find is that the thing that unites those people is the feeling of frustration.
Because they find themselves in situations where they are the cause of everyone's despair.
And they find out all too late that they have not participated in some misperceived social custom.
They have their underwear around their ankles at the urinal in kindergarten.
They have a booger on their finger on the playground.
They're saying words backwards.
They're not doing something right that they didn't even know.
They weren't even picking up on having to do right. And what they would do pick up on is a circle of people around them with their fingers in their face saying you don't belong here.
You have to get off the playground. Get out of here.
And that phobia, that's the thing that would result in somebody auto-correcting in their adult life for making sure that everyone understands that I'm here to help.
I'm here to make sure everybody feels better about themselves.
I'm not trying to hurt you when I talk.
Dan, in your storytelling, you've probably said this before, but say it again.
In your storytelling, what would be the goal that you could help people with?
What's the point of stories?
What's the point of watching people walk through the stories and be punished for their humanity, get through it, become heroes because of it?
What's the gift?
Well, everybody realizing that life is what it is. It's just the most basic thing in the world.
When you wake up in the morning, there seems to be so much wrong.
And stories are the things that we tell each other to let us know that all these things that you feel about how fucked up everything is.
That is how it is, so that it resonates.
Providing language for the things that are bouncing around in your head, that's what art is.
If you look at a painting in the Louvre and you start to burst into tears, it's because somebody puts something on a canvas that you thought could only ever exist in your brain, or a brain.
And you suddenly burst into tears because you've been connected with.
For me, story is the Remo Williams tapping on the wrist of...
It's such a deep cut.
I'm tapping in the rhythm of life and death with you so that you understand that when you woke up this morning and you felt bipolar,
you felt like, why am I in a good mood but I'm in a bad mood? Why if I was in a good mood? Why did I listen to a sad song?
Why is my mom's death the thing that's fucking up my job right now?
Why do I hate the people I love? Why do I love the people I hate? Why am I depressed? Why can't I get anything done?
Why am I different? Why am I scared?
Everyone's walking around in their pizza hut uniforms and they're up and down the sidewalk and they all seem to have their shit together.
And I turn on the TV and everyone's having certain counters and trying on high-heeled shoes and everyone seems to know what's going on.
Ross and Rachel know what's going on and all the traffic lights...
Every once in a while you drive by and a couple cars hit each other and there's broken glass everywhere,
which you're not supposed to look and everyone that does look is a bad person and you keep going.
This conveyor belt, this concrete jungle, it puts a pressure on you and you feel like because you have this turmoil in your brain,
you're like, I'm going to fucking, I'm going to snap. I'm the only one walking around with this secret that we're all fucked up,
that everything is going to hell and stories, like, you know, let you know, no, Ulysses had that happen to him.
He felt that way. He went to this place and it's a way of articulating that inarticulable fact that just when things feel their worst,
that is actually the thing that is giving you the most strength and all that kind of crap.
For me, like, community stories are always about people versus the system and it's always about reminding you that no matter how fucked up you feel,
you're supposed to be the way you are.
You're not supposed to actually grow and change. You're supposed to actually, before we ever get to that point,
first and foremost, the most subversive, most heroic act you can do is just be proud of yourself the way you got out of bed that morning.
And people go around the circle of the stories like experimenting with the idea that maybe they can improve themselves
for the sake of improving their life or the system or something.
Like we said before, they get improved by the people around them that they look up to.
They come back around to the conclusion that they should have just come clean and been honest about the fact that they felt like a piece of shit.
That's what stories are, to answer your question.
For God's sake, let's play some D&D for a pity's sake, shall we?
Alright.
Last time our heroes were fighting with Brefi, the mechanical monstrosity,
who was new and improved with powerful enhancements.
Brefi shot lasers and lightning and also tiny robo spiders, but Quark quickly leapt into action,
gnar-walling the spider creature with a dagger strapped to his face.
Sharpie used his father's cape to teleport onto the beast's back and blasted it with electricity.
Brefi hit Christopher with a chain which stuck in his stomach.
Mulraine fired arrow after arrow at the spider monster with a decent success rate.
Quark changed tactics and slashed at the beast with his mighty greatsword while Sharpie began looking through his backpack.
He retrieved Dorota Frost and sprayed ice at the lava below, forming a cool crust.
Then the wizard turned his rod on the spider, blasting it in the face with razor sharp ice fragments.
That finished the job and sent Brefi crashing down onto the lava crust below.
Quark, overtaken by victory lust, lowered himself down by rope onto Brefi, but slipped and fell.
If not for Sharpie's quick thinking and the button staff, Quark wouldn't have lived to rape another day.
Admiral Darkstar was sure to be close, but just how close?
I don't know. I don't know.
Thank you Spencer.
So you guys are up in this web of chains after just killing this guy.
There's lava beneath you.
I said we climb up and see if there's some sort of door where Brefi came through.
One thing to note is that there are four statues with eyes that recess when you press the button.
Yeah, those are consumed by lava at this point.
It's been steadily rising this whole time.
You guys are now just in the chains and there's only lava below.
Yeah, Bill.
Oh, that shit you noticed?
That's in lava now.
Get in the moment.
I climb up the chains and start looking for outlets above us.
I'm feeling there's a sort of metal hatch door, but there doesn't seem to be any kind of handle or knob on it.
It looks like it's made out of several triangular sections.
Christopher, get up there and check it out.
I'm checking it out.
Checking it out. You see what looks like a small hole on the left side of one of these door panels.
There's a hole.
I fuck it.
I knew he was going to do that.
No, don't do that.
Did we find anything lately?
Rods, stabs, fingers.
We have a crafting kit that we could borrow from Mulraine.
Yeah, but don't you think this is one of those things where there's like a...
I'm sorry, I'm immersed. I'm not medigaming.
We could jam an arrow in there.
Is there something that we have that would fit that certain size hole?
Yeah, I mean we play this game once a week and we're always drunk. I'm just wondering if it feels like a...
Describe the size of the hole by the door.
It's smaller than a human's littlest finger.
I don't know how that compares to a half-length one.
I'm going to grab an arrow and jam it up in there.
All right. You jam it in there real hard, but the arrow is like harder.
I mean it's wider than the hole, so you stab it in there and it kind of breaks off the stone bits of the stone arrow.
This is a stone arrow in this instance, in case anyone's wondering.
One of those iron-tipped arrows that would break off in this instance.
Just some continuity, you know.
These triangular things, are they clean triangles or are they like shard of power kind of shape?
They're like clean triangles.
They're like teeth of a thing that's all of its teeth come together.
Nothing exists like that in nature.
You haven't met my ex-wife.
Anyway, so Christopher is jamming this arrow in and you jam it in and you feel like a thing that it hits as you stick it in.
It felt like it hit like a little metal something.
Now what?
It hit a metal something in the hole.
Deep stuff.
And it broke off, so is it stuck in there?
It broke off, it's just that the tip side of the arrow is broken off.
It's still attached.
Alright, well, I'm going to try to...
Alright, I'll turn it.
Turning it with all your strength.
You muster up, not very much of all your strength, I guess.
You try and turn it and it just doesn't budge.
It's like a rotary phone.
What were you going to do?
You're the barbarian.
You have the strength?
Yeah, you try and turn it.
I grab onto the arrow shaft and I turn it for all I'm worth.
You turn it for all your worth and it snaps off, but not before activating some sort of mechanism that grinds deep within this assembly of triangles.
They sort of grind and rumble as they open apart and create a hole in the ceiling.
Yay!
As long as nothing's coming out of the hole.
Yeah, nothing's coming out of the hole.
Let's get through this hole, man.
Yeah, I clamber up through the hole.
You scramble up, clamber.
I'm using scramble, otherwise I'd just be copying you.
Can I trundle?
You can trundle or you could sashay.
I'll clamber, I don't care about copying anyway.
Alright, I'll mosey.
Is anyone else going to move?
I canter wall.
But then I move actually, soon I think.
You all move in various specific ways and find yourself in a new room.
This room is strangely dark as if light were magically dampened.
However, the magically dampened light does not extend to dim crimson flames that seem to be held up in the midair.
Like they're floating or some shit.
It's crazy.
It's not crazy, it's just magic.
The floor is littered with the mangled corpses of several black-robed humanoids and also black buckets for whatever reason.
You can see entrails and blood smeared across the floor and in the center of the carnage, carnage is a mound of ashes.
Across the room you can see an archway and in the archway is a stairwell.
How high in the air are these flames floating?
I like about seven feet tall.
You can probably grab one.
I use my goggles with my nude seeing.
You use your goggles with my nude seeing.
What do you look at with them?
The room.
Everything.
You look around at everything and you look at these corpses.
They look like they've been ripped apart somehow.
Some of them have bite marks on them but none of them look like sliced or like stabbed or anything.
More torn.
Not pleasant.
Also the buckets, they're full of blood.
Seems a bit...
Much.
Do I detect any traps?
Searching around for traps, you see no traps.
Maybe we should go look at that archway.
On the far side of the room where the stairwell I was mentioning earlier was,
you hear footsteps and then you see that gnoll guy, Yerch, that you've seen before in random circumstances in various places.
Yerch!
He walks into view and is like, what are you, what?
Weren't you guys ahead of me?
Well, we got to chain in a lava room with some chains.
Yeah.
Where were you?
I was taking care of these guys and then I was scouting up ahead.
Are you the reason they're all mangled?
I mean, yeah.
Jesus, Yerch.
I mean, what? You guys kill stuff, right?
Yeah, but we don't make a big show of it.
Well, well I do.
Why the buckets, man?
Well, yeah, the buckets weren't mine.
Those were there.
The buckets of blood were there?
Yeah.
Yerch, what are you hiding from us?
God, every time we run into him he seems like this.
Perception check.
Okay.
What are you looking for with your goggles?
A sense motive on him.
Okay, a sense motive.
That makes more sense.
He looks like he's hiding something from you guys.
Yerch, I take my sword out, my great sword, and I hold it at his neck and I go,
Yerch, tell us the truth or I'll cut you deep.
I don't know what you guys are talking about, man.
I'll make you leak, Jack.
I told you I killed all these dudes.
I'll please you real slow.
You ain't Yerch, is you?
I is Yerch.
Prove it.
Tell me something only Yerch and I would know.
I was tracking you guys ever since you were looking for your father back at the hills.
Every Harmontown fan knows that.
I know Yerch would know.
Wait, what's Harmontown?
Huh?
What's Harmontown?
Meadow.
A venture.
Is this Yerch?
Squaw.
We'll fix that in post.
My voice cracked.
It gives you a look that says, I mean, yeah, looks like Yerch.
He's like, what's going on?
I thought you guys kill bad guys all the time.
We're in a goddamn carnival of broken souls.
There's people running around everywhere that look like other people.
We ran into a guy that didn't believe that we were good guys.
And, you know, he went mad.
I'm just like, you seem like you're up to something.
Oh, no.
You seem like you're up to something.
I'm not, I'm not.
We sensed motive on you.
I don't want to get meta about it, but we sensed it.
What does that mean?
We sensed you were up to something.
I mean, yeah.
What are you up to?
I'm just, I killed all these guys.
I was looking up there.
I mean, I...
What are you going to do next then?
Yeah, where are you going now?
What were you looking at?
I was just looking at the floor above.
There's some scary shit up there.
It's dark magic.
The floor above?
Yeah.
And that's why you seem like you're up to something?
That's where Darkstar is hiding.
He's got all this dark magic.
I don't know how to decipher it.
He needs some sort of crazy old books.
Crazy old books?
Yeah.
Where, where would we find these books?
Who knows, man?
I have books of divinity.
What?
Something might, divine might.
Books, books, books of divine might.
I think that's what that says.
I don't know what that is.
That's not the right book.
There's lots of books.
I mean, they can't all be the applicable one.
I look around for books in the room.
There's no books, just bloody torn corpses.
You know, if we could see up there better...
I can't detect thoughts on Yerch.
He's like, man, I need to get that book off that wizard guy.
The blood book.
Your book?
Sharpie, look in your inventory for a book right now.
I have one.
I've had it for a while.
He wants it.
I, I, I, while, while, while you're looking for your book, I walk around and I kind of,
like, I kind of just...
Can I detect more thoughts than that?
It's like, man, this guy just audibly cast Detect Thoughts on me,
and now I feel like a real asshole.
I didn't audibly...
I mean, are you saying that there's an audible component to it?
Yeah, almost all spells, like, they have some sort of show.
So I was like, detect them, thotumum?
Yeah, pretty good.
It's fucking Darkstar.
Get him.
Is it Darkstar?
Well, if it ain't Yerch,
I take out my flaming sword and I raise it above my head.
He's like, whoa, whoa, we don't gonna do that.
And I say, Sharpie, take out the book and, and, like, show him it.
No, what book?
The Joy of Cooking.
What book?
Huh?
No book.
He has a cookbook.
What identity?
He makes buttermilk biscuits like you fucking...
Yerch, you haven't had buttermilk biscuits.
Until you've had Sharpie's buttermilk biscuits.
I don't eat buttermilk biscuits.
Yeah, because you're fucking Admiral Darkstar, aren't you?
No.
I detect magic on Yerch.
He's, he's full of dark magics.
I take my flaming sword and I strike it straight down.
I write about...
It might be Yerch, but he's, he's, you know, he's conjugated.
Conjugated?
I'm a barbarian.
It could be our friend Yerch, but, like, you know...
Look.
Compromised.
Brefi turned into a spider.
I had to fucking kill him.
Twice.
Had to is a bit of a mischaracterization.
Spencer the heart wants what it wants.
Okay.
I have the flaming sword poised above his head in a very threatening manner.
God damn it.
Brefi.
I don't have anything.
Is there a way to release him from a spell?
Is there a way to...
Brefi.
No, Brefi.
Is there a way to release Yerch from a spell?
I don't have anything like that.
Do you have to spell magic?
I don't.
I fucking don't.
I have deep slumber.
Hey, man.
Okay.
Let me be honest with you guys.
Oh, Barry the lead.
I just, I was telling you guys about the dark magic.
This is blood magic stuff.
It's crazy.
I was trying to learn about it.
Yerch.
So you've immersed yourself in this blood and it's made you part of the dark magic?
No.
What?
You were learning about the dark magic?
I mean, I know a bit about all sorts of stuff.
Is that why these buckets of blood are here?
So you're covering yourself on this blood to learn this?
Well, I mean, again, I didn't gather these buckets of blood.
I mean, look at these things on the floor.
There's nobody gathers buckets of blood, but at some point in your life they get offered to you.
And when they do, you need to come to your friends.
You shouldn't have talked to us first.
This is gateway magic.
I learned about watching Yerch.
I don't know how to respond to that.
That's because you're high on darkness.
That's not true, man.
What did you do with this blood, this blood magic, Yerch?
I'm not doing anything with nothing.
You're steeped in it, brother.
No, that ain't me.
Guys, if we get this blood on us, are we going to turn into him?
No, I pick up a bucket of blood and I splash it on Yerch.
I go, is this what you want?
You want to be bloody?
What signals was I giving off that indicated that was what I wanted?
You're covered in darkness.
You love blood magic.
You want my book?
You want blood magic?
You want to be covered in blood?
Blood is sticky.
It's gross.
It's crusty.
Sharpie, give him the book.
You used to be a regular gnoll.
You used to be soaked and pissed.
You were a good guy.
And now you've soaked me in blood.
Yeah, so?
Does it feel good?
Sharpie, Sharpie, slap him across the face.
Get this monkey off your back.
He's like, eh.
I have a question, Yerch.
Yerch, what would you do with the book if you had it?
I'd learn about the thing and try and stop the evil plot.
Give him the book?
What?
I got the sword above his head.
Show him the book.
See what happens.
No!
If he turns blacker, we'll kill him.
Wait.
Oh, no, that sounded racist.
Wow.
Is that the title of the episode?
If it turns blacker, we'll kill him.
No.
No, no.
I'm not going to give him the blood magic book.
He was dishonest about it in the first place.
That means that he's...
Come on.
Yerch, we need to...
What do you roll?
Oh, who knows, ma'am?
I can't conceal my emotions.
Yeah, nothing, nothing.
God damn it.
He rolled a perception thingy or whatever.
A will thingy.
We have to secure Yerch.
Huh?
I grab him from behind.
I get him in a full Nelson.
All right.
Well, as you're trying to do that, he finishes muttering under his breath, which you didn't
hear because you were too busy talking and not perceiving things correctly.
Oh, man.
But, yeah, as you're grabbing him, he goes, hold it.
And then you grab him.
And as you grab him, you feel the blood, the slick blood on his body turn hard.
And it's all hard, like hard stuff.
And you got... you got a hole in on him.
But it doesn't matter.
Because he's all bloody in the shit.
He's turned hard?
Like an exoskeleton?
Yeah, you're hugging a hard man.
Like an exoskeleton of some sort?
Like, like an exoskeleton, yes.
This is what happens when you hug people.
The stink gets on them.
I, uh, I release him and take out my greatsword.
All right.
He goes, rechts, he bursts out of that.
And he kinda like, his blood is all hard
and dripping over his face.
And he's like, now you made me all fucked up
and I'm fucked up now.
You're just a complicated motherfucker.
You guys were all aggressive on me.
I just wanted to learn about blood.
Now you're gonna learn about blood the hard way, though.
That's not what happened.
Yeah, we're gonna learn about your blood.
Yeah, I'm gonna write a thesis on it.
My blood magic.
Yerch, Yerch.
I hope this includes a blackboard.
It doesn't.
Yerch.
You gotta be too easy.
Yerch, right now I'm looking at a gnoll
who's about to get killed and fucked.
I'm looking at a halfling who's about
to be full of blood missiles.
I'm a gnome.
Blood missiles.
That's a good point.
Yes.
All this blood's in my eyes.
Okay.
I'm invisible.
So he kind of flicks some of his bloody arm at you
and they kind of turn into these little blood darts
and they're shooting at your body.
Blood darts.
Yeah, but they all miss.
Flaming sword attack.
Do it.
Oh wait, that's me.
We were just playing a game
where you guys rolled your own attack rolls,
so that's on me.
You strike him directly in the stomach.
Dealing.
What's your damage?
Sorry, it is?
11.
That's someone else's illness.
It's an 11 attack.
Now your damage.
My damage is starting.
That's like 1D something.
It's 1D 10 plus 1D 6 plus 4.
Sorry everybody, just some housekeeping.
Dealing 11 damage.
Poor, poor Yerch.
Why, wait.
No, I know, it's just a shame.
It's like Robert Downey Jr. in less than zero.
But you see, as the blood flows from his open wound,
it kind of pulls back and hardens over the wound,
closing it off immediately and scabbing it over.
Oh damn.
Poisonous sneak attack.
What's up?
I like the sound of that.
Going around to his flank in a flanking maneuver,
you try to attack him right in the flank
with a sneak attack.
But unfortunately, you miss.
I'm invisible and I miss.
When did you go invisible?
I said I'm invisible.
Second, he went all blood.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
First of all, I didn't hear that.
Second of all, when Tyler was playing Christopher,
he used your second invisible.
Okay, I wasn't invisible.
I just thought I was invisible.
Fair play.
Either way, miss.
Sorry, man.
Can I ask you about a spell on mine?
Yeah.
It's called Mirror Image.
Now, I'm gonna, is that, do I just make another me?
You make multiple copies of yourself
that are like illusions.
Yeah, he doesn't know who to hit.
I'm gonna do that.
Nice.
I'm gonna go, hey, Mr. Blood Missile.
Who will you hit with your blood missiles?
Is it me?
Or me.
I put my arm around one of them and go,
or this one.
And one of them has a mustache.
You summoned six, six mirror images.
Oh, what a peculiar circumstance.
You find yourself in, I am Dieter.
Well, I don't think it's the one with the mustache.
That's clearly fake.
Oh, it would be weird if I just put on a mustache
and then cast a spell so that I was the one with the mustache.
And then I laugh and each ha comes from a different guy.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
So Yerch dives on to the ground
and he grabs one of these buckets
and he does like a weird roll
and he throws a bucket on Quarks
and now Quarks covered in blood.
What?
Yeah.
That's not good, you guys.
I mean, maybe it is.
It is?
I don't know.
I mean, I do.
It doesn't seem good.
You're covered in blood.
I start wiping it off me.
Okay, with what?
My cloak of resistance.
Okay, that, yeah.
You start wiping blood off you.
This takes a while.
Okay.
You get maybe a third of the way done.
That's all.
Ribbon dagger.
Okay.
You attack them with your ribbon dagger?
Yeah.
Just making sure.
That's a critical hit.
Oh!
You strike them directly between the blood.
Dealing seven damage.
That's incredible.
Yeah, you know, ribbon dagger does X4 damage,
but still just seven damage in this case.
Seven damage.
He's like, ah, my eye.
It was between those bloods.
I'm still wiping blood off, right?
I hope so.
Putting it in a Sharpies turn.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You appear to be surrounded by a forest of foes.
Which one is reducing you?
Who knows?
Reduce person.
Tiny, tiny blood-soaked gnoll.
Okay, yeah.
You cast reduced person on him,
and he slowly dwindles down to the size of a gnome.
He's like, no, that's fucked up.
It's not fucked up.
We're proud people, right?
You know, that's fine.
Not the size of the barbarian.
It's the motion of a sword.
He goes, ah, but it's, I'm magicking right now.
Blast.
And then he casts his arms about,
and all the blood on the ground starts to come up
at like a snake serpent,
and starts to whip at you guys,
and try and drag you down like ropes or something.
And you guys, you guys, you guys.
Quark leaps out of the way,
but the other two of you guys get entangled
by these bloody ropes,
and you're kind of bound and tied up.
Uncanny Dodge doesn't help?
Uncanny Dodge doesn't help.
Not in this case. What about being like eight people?
That doesn't, because it gets everything,
so it actually grabs at all your illusions
at the same time and dispells them.
What?
Yeah.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'll ribbon dagger again as I'm going down then.
What's up?
I'll ribbon dagger again as I'm going down.
I'm putting it at a quark stern right now.
I use my mighty sword,
and I try to cleave off the tentacles
that are holding these guys down.
Oh, I like the sound of that.
That happens.
You cleave quickly through the tentacles.
They're bloody ropes, whatever.
Wrapping these two gentlemen,
freeing them from their bonds.
It works?
Yeah.
Woo!
Thanks, man.
Am I, is all the blood off me?
Yeah.
No, you stopped wiping.
Okay, well, I go back to wiping.
Okay.
Just, just, just.
Just cleave it.
And wipe it.
I'm going to be a gravestone.
Just says he was meticulous.
And fastidious.
Am I able to backstab from where I'm at?
You can move to backstab.
Sure.
I'll do that.
Okay.
You move to backstab.
You get another critical hit.
Jesus Christ.
Let's see how much damage you do.
You got some damage this time.
Yeah.
That one's a lot more.
Yeah, that's 20 damage that time.
Yeah!
Smiling faces.
Now who's the lady in red?
You stab him directly in his small back,
and he takes that much damage that I mentioned.
Don't forget the back is small because I made it that way.
It's your turn again.
Me?
Yeah.
First I go.
Can I get a spell called Cast Consistent Dialect on Sharpie?
First, I start off my turn by going, but which of us?
Oh, and then I remember that.
Oh, sorry.
It's back to just me again.
I would like to ask you a quick question about the sun
rot again.
I can't remember what that did.
It's like a flashlight.
God damn it.
I asked that last week.
And what does Sack do?
All right.
We're going to use the old rot of frost.
Do you want to shoot a cone of cold or like icy shards?
There's different modes on this, baby.
Icy shards.
Oh, no.
All right.
I saw that.
Yeah, you did.
I still need to critical fail.
I'm pulling the trigger on your icy shards.
While you let off a witty pun, you realize you're holding it
backwards.
I rolled a one.
And you blast off a volley of icy shards into your face,
dealing 10 damage.
I used to meet me.
Ow, ow.
Am I dead?
Let me see.
How much damage?
You're keeping track of my hit points.
Yeah, so right now you've already taken eight damage.
So now you've taken 10 more.
What's your health total?
35.
All right, you're fine.
You're making this up.
Yeah.
I spent an hour today really sneak to Harmontowns
and doing the math.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Was I at full health?
Well, you know, the Dr. Pepper made you full health.
Oh, yeah.
He only got hit for about eight damage.
Yeah.
Is it my turn?
No, it was your turn.
He's like, I'm all wounded and shit.
I'm going to make a break for it.
And he runs towards the hole in the floor.
At half speed.
Yeah, at injured speed.
In tiny speed.
At tiny person speed.
Injured tiny half person bloody speed.
Farsword power attack.
Unleashing a farsword attack from your blade,
it critically hits and slices him in half.
Yeah.
Whoa.
He's like, you sons of bitches.
You don't know why it gets like farther away.
He just stays still.
But then he dies.
You shove him into the lava.
He dies.
Oh, you're a bitch.
I walk up and I walk up over his body and I look down at him.
And I was a heavy heart.
I dry hump him a little bit.
I thought you were going to say a last per year inch.
A last per year inch.
I take some of your just blood and I go like, why?
Why?
And then I rub it on my face and I go, oh, look, I'm on the guy.
I go, what the fuck?
And I look at my friends.
And I go, I'm just kidding.
I would never.
Blood magic's the worst.
Just say no.
I search Yerch's body.
He has just a rusty dagger and a bunch of poop.
He was keeping it?
That's why he smelled so bad, I guess.
I was about to give Yerch a rusty dagger.
That's where I poop on my dick and then fuck him.
He didn't have to.
I don't want to play D&D anymore.
I take some more buckets of blood and I just pour it all over him.
OK.
I kick his body into the lava.
You hear a screech coming from that doorway that he came through as you kick that into
the lava.
Just a screech.
I walk up to the, is it a stairway?
It's like an archway that leads to a staircase.
I walk up and go, who are you?
You can see two pairs of glowing eyes in the darkness.
They're like, you killed Yerch, you will have our vengeance or something.
And then they disappear in a poof of smoke.
All right, let's all pool each syllable we heard and we'll piece it together.
I heard you killed all the Jews.
You killed Yerch.
You will die in a pool of vengeance?
Definitely not the most eloquent of us.
I yell, come again, but they've already vanished in that smoke I mentioned.
Oh, Admiral Darkstar, if that's you.
It wasn't.
Oh.
Then never mind.
I yell at the ceiling, nonetheless.
More like Admiral Fartstar.
Nothing?
No.
I mean, sure.
Admiral Fartstar.
I thought that might get to him.
Let's chase him up to the archway.
Let's go, guys.
Let's run.
We run.
We run up the archway.
You run up the archway and you burst through the door at the top of the, no, okay.
So running through the archway, there's a spiral staircase.
So I'm assuming you're also charging up that?
Yes.
Okay.
Charging up, you burst through the door at the top and what you see inside is a pillar
of black crystal on the top of which is Admiral Darkstar.
Thank you for coming to a sleepy, introspective Harmontown featuring Johnny Jack Emmer and
Beef Steak Bill.
And thank you, Hayley, for coming up and everybody else.
One more time for Spencer Crinton.
I'm Jeff Davis, a Comptroller, thank you for putting up with a very sleepy me.
One more time for your sleepy but wonderful Mayor, Dan Harmon.
Go home and go to sleep.
We'll see you next week.
Quiet in the link!